https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iYOvAO1rAM0

You’re free to use this Jazz Noir music in your videos on YouTube and you can use this background music in your videos for commercial or non profit purposes. You must include the following in your description.

♻️ Search the music you want. Copy & paste the credits.



0:00:00​ • Night on the Docks - Sax

Night on the Docks - Sax by Kevin MacLeod
Feel: Dark, Somber, Relaxed

Sad and smooth; Think 1950's detective film



0:02:53​ • Just As Soon
Feel: Dark, Somber, Calming

Slow 6/8. Did you ever get up in the middle of the night and wonder what would happen if you took a Spanish guitar player, tell them to do a ballad, and give them a tasteful jazz quartet? I did.



0:06:30​ • Bass Walker
Feel: Dark, Grooving, Mysterious

Just your average work-a-day upright walking bass line. Add reverb to taste. Noir!



0:09:11​ • Covert Affair
Feel: Bouncy, Suspenseful

The scene is set for a surreptitious heist or furtive affair. The fingered acoustic bass sounds woody and dark while playing against the light cymbals and the vibrant electric piano and trumpet. The individual instruments have a slight battle for dominance, but the persistence of the slick styled bass ultimately wins.



		0:12:26​ • Noire #1

Noire #1 by Music By Pedro https://goo.gl/sJT2e8​
Promoted by MrSnooze https://youtu.be/iYOvAO1rAM0​



0:15:21​ • Dances and Dames
Feel: Grooving, Mysterious, Suspenseful

Off-center feeling film noir-like piece with a continually changing time signature. "Something is amiss on the streets. My job is to figure that out."


0:17:48​ • Deadly Roulette
Feel: Dark, Grooving, Relaxed

Jazzy! Gumshoe-y! Mystery-y! I suck at making adjectives. Who needs adjectives anyway! I'm fine without adjectives. How fine without adjectives, you may ask? I can't say - as that would require some sort of descriptor! And I don't need descriptors in my writings... Maybe one... tiny little... NO! What am I thinking!? I refuse! I've completely had it with adjectives! Hah! Adverbs work perfectly fine! Woohoo! Adverbs! And before I get mail... adjectives killed my family, so I can go off on them all I want.


0:20:23​ • Cool Vibes
Feel: Calming, Relaxed

A simple little slow trio for use in such things that require a slow jazz trio. Modulates at the midpoint.



0:23:58​ • I Knew a Guy
Feel: Dark, Mysterious

Slow walking bass, drums follow along sparely, with a cool Vibe melody.



0:26:42​ • On the Cool Side
Feel: Dark, Unnerving, Mysterious

Very cool.

​

0:28:23​ • Shades of Spring
Feel: Dark, Bouncy

Sort of a minor mid-tempo jazz combo with 2 pianos. Melody is doubled in octaves. Soloist goes outside more than the guy comping... but hey - what are soloists for?



0:34:24​ • Walking Along
Feel: Relaxed, Dark, Mysterious

Written as a laid-back background for a film where a calming feel was needed.